Task 1: (8/20) The second issue in recruitment stage is related to data collection. The mitigation strategy for the first issue that you have provided is general for all research and is not very particular to this study only. The strategies have to be specific. The issues and strategies for data collection are valid. In data analysis, selective reporting bias and misinterpretation of data are methodological issues. Also, reporting are related to dissemination stage. In the dissemination stage, the selective promotion and stigmatisation are not an ethical issue relating to the design of the study. The ethical issues are more about confidentiality of the participants, informing participants about academic publishing in simple or non-technical manner or what it means etc. Task 2: (16/20) The Google Form works, but not as designed. A negative answer to question #1 does not justify most parts of the survey. The options to some questions (e.g., Q15) are too elaborative, and can confuse the participants. The rationale explains why every topic has been included but could have been more detailed. The rationale of the design of the survey should focus on why you have divided the survey into those topics (which are missing in your survey form) and why you have selected those questions. The rationale should be connected to the purpose of the survey (informing decision regarding engaging Kinnu) and how it would help to attain those purposes. Task 3: (15.5/20) The consent form should include researchers’ information, data storage and anonymization policy, anonymity of interviewee (in the consent form), study details, contact information to make complaints (independent of researchers), right of voluntary withdrawal, and time and place of the interview – one of them is missing in your consent form. The interview schedule contains at least one problematic question: some questions are missing necessary follow-ups or probes in the schedule, making open-endedness of those questions questionable. The flow of the questions could be more logical. In the rationale, you explain why you have divided into those topics and why you are adding these questions, but you need to linki more explicitly how they would benefit the purpose of the study which is design of moderation guidelines. The transcript should be more like a conversation (with summarizing and following up from interviewee responses) instead of mostly including a set of question-answer pairs.